this is a category we haven't explored  just quite yet at least not in public I  don't know if I can say or  not it's kind of quite aggressive  looking almost it looks like a like a  minor almost where the driver is this is  a nice little GIF which is really fun  and it's like a little Cog in the center  it's quite hypnotic yeah with the rotate  and movement like the ocular movement  I'm wondering what the utility of that  is and I wonder if that's something you  can interact with physically by hand so  that's quite an intricate mechanism it's  kind of interesting to think about  glyphs moving not really thought about  them physically moving before glyphs are  usually something that indicates  something to the user the user can't see  their ears and they can't see a band  over their head what message might you  want to send to other people I really  like the little color pop on the  headband extender obviously I'm always  thinking about color and material finish  and I think it looks really cool there's  really nice layering and a really nice  nerling detail on the edge of the  speaker driver it looks looks like I  would say maybe be a bit clearer about  what you're signifying with the  transparent elements if you're  referencing the driver it should maybe  have elements that look like the drive  there's a really nice use of texture  throughout which I think is something  that's really important to the nothing  brand it's really nice to have that  level of consideration to the designs  that have been  submitted okay yeah it's a speaker I  think it's taking a lot of visual cues  from from many different designs of ours  getting a ear stick from  it so this is my dog re he's come to sit  here with me he's an excellent judge of  cmf and design who's an expert probably  more than me so it's it looks like a  little paper a paperback book or  something I think it would look cool you  can't really tell what it is but I think  that's quite nice it's less obvious I  think there can be a temptation to just  sort of like put flashing lights on  stuff cuz it's cool but I think for this  product I'd really be thinking about why  are the lights here what are they doing  are they kind of reacting to the sound  or giving you some notifications from  your phone so if you're not using your  phone you're still getting some  information that could be quite  interesting it looks like very iconic  kind of nothing design language with  these two little half circles they maybe  look a bit like  boobes I like the way that you've like  handled the transparency so it's got  some you know transparent elements I  think a lot of it has been lifted from  like that is just the top of ear stick  it's good to reference other products  but maybe I'd like to see a bit more of  your style in it combined with ours yeah  we've looked at a few speakers and I  think this is up there with with one of  the best that we've seen  like with a big thing like this it's  kind of hard to think about like where  to do transparency not everything you  know maybe needs transparency but this I  think this is quite a neat way of doing  it by just having this I'm getting like  volume control by making that this like  solid transparent part I really like  these uh solid transparent adjustment  knobs have that like good size to them  and heft and they tend to refract the  light really interestingly which is  always fun I assume that's a display  maybe that could read the record and  tell you what tracks playing and you  know which album's playing not just by  looking at the record or the sleeve but  actually on the display I would think  more along those lines what else can you  do what can you bring to this products  like this that live in a kind of  domestic environment it's really  important to consider how well that  would sit for lots of people's homes you  know some people might find red like a  little bit too Punchy and there's quite  a lot of the  red the nothing lighter oh the Chrome  beetle is nice I guess hero images with  renders are quite nice cuz you're able  to like see the entire story of the  product it's like oh this is it another  unexpected one I'm kind of getting like  Aerospace or like maybe just sci-fi  vibes from these it would be nice to  know are you pushing the button on the  top if the renders could like  communicate the utility of that know we  make Tech products but we love all sorts  of products and the idea that something  that isn't a tech product could be a  tech product I think is fun maybe this  is useful at home as opposed to even  like carrying around with you so I guess  thinking about the context the light is  going to be used then that might even  help guide the design  Direction nothing Voyage one so some  goggles okay so it's like an Oculus type  thing quite sporty yeah these are  interesting and again with the glyphs  out facing towards the world when you're  wearing these glasses I do wonder what's  that communicating towards people who  are looking at you is it maybe even just  like a fashion statement with the Vision  Pro all of the use cases for that were  like you're sitting in your house and  you're you're outside in your head in  your goggles watching a movie on a lake  and I I didn't really get that so just  this like this thought you know maybe AR  and VR isn't for the home yeah it's  always interesting to think about AR  products you know if you can get into  that world of that size it feels like  Mass adoption is much more likely  there's something about the size of them  at the moment that feels very much an  indoor thing you see a lot of the like  smart helmets that have indicators on  and maybe if you're cycling like that is  useful the idea of like small onf face  personal computing is quite  [Music]  interesting yeah nothing pocket we've  talked about that name it's kind of  interesting camera monitoring Bluetooth  speaker phone call external disc I want  this it reminds me of uh a mini disk  player which is very nostalgic for me  seems like it has a multi-functional  approach which is always good less stuff  that does more is always a great  approach to have so my question would be  what are these glyphs telling you are  they mirroring what's on your phone  maybe so it's almost like a remote  control that you can take somewhere you  know is it like Smartwatch functionality  or something else but yeah it's kind of  interesting we've got it suggested that  it could be a speaker mode an external  disc and you know a camera monitor might  be nice to see how the glyphs would look  for each of those modes so that you can  tell from looking at the back what  function it's in at that  moment wow we've got the nothing Burger  yeah know this is funny I'm like  thinking what we should do for April  Falls next year as well uh maybe a  burger we'll see that that is a nice  Brios bun I would eat that plain Brios  yeah that's quite entertaining that one  I don't know how good it will  taste in a burger is the burger just the  middle bit or is it is the bun as well  like is this part of your concept  doesn't look like uh the most appetizing  burger bun that I've ever seen there's  no Sesame se's on there which is a huge  red flag for me if we were going to do a  burger with someone who would it be yeah  you would have seen the beer that we did  recently with a with a small Brewery in  Wales I don't think we'd want to do with  like a really big brand I think we'd  want to find like who's local who's  doing really good stuff and do something  with them so yeah maybe it's coming  we've done be a burger would go great  why not yeah for me it's a pass for the  burger one I think needs work definitely  thanks everyone for sending in your  renders this might be like your hobby or  you're practicing for something and to  like spend your time on these creative  Endeavors is a really good use of your  time yeah it's great to see what the  community thinks and it definitely like  stretches our imagination as to like  categories we could enter as a token of  our appreciation we're going to be  sending ear toos to everybody that  submitted including the burger bun which  is you know arguably a travesty but  there we  go what are you doing re come  here  re you're being oppressed sit down sorry  I had to bring my dog Reggie